# pandas-challenge
Summarizes the analysis
- This data analyses all the schools in a specific district to figure it out the outcome of how the students do in the subjects math and reading. We start with the district summary, calculating everything from total number of unique schools, the total number of students, total budget, the mean of math and reading scores, the percentage of passed math and reading and the percentage who passed both at the same time. Then we do a school summary, wecalculated total student count, average test scores, number of schools with highter than 70 scores in math and reading, and the ones who passed math and reading at the same time, etc. And then we took the highest and lowest performing schools by percentage of overall passing, then we calculated math and reading scores by grade and finally we calculated the scores by school size and scores by school type to come to the conclusion of our analysis which was that charter school type has greater passing rates than district school type which has really low passing rates for both math and reading.
- Draws two correct conclusions or comparisons from the calculations
- I noticed by looking at the data, how in scores by school type the charter school type have much higher rates than the district type in both math and reading.
- By looking at scores by school size, both small and medium school size have really similar outcomes when it comes to pretty much everything that includeds math and reading. But if you look at the large school size, you can see how its much different than small and medium school size. The large school size has a significant less passing rates. 
